GGS clock can be specified in the following way:

[ini[,[N]m1]]/[inc[,[N]m2]]/[ext[,[N]m3]]

where ini, inc and ext are times specified in [[HH:]MM:]SS format.

Clock parameters have following meaning:

Initial time (ini) is the initial time on the players clock. Player
has to complete m1 moves - or if m1 is 0 to finish the whole game
before clock goes to zero. Parameter N specifies what happens if the
clock goes to 0 and player does not complete game or m1 moves. If N is
not present, clock goes into soft-timeout loss[1]. If N (read NOT
loss) is present, clock goes into overtime (extension time)
mode. Completion of m1 moves causes clock to go to overtime mode too.

In overtime mode, player has to make m3 moves (or finish the game if
m3 is 0) before clock reaches 0. Parameter N specifies how is overtime
added to the clock. If N is not present, overtime is additive, i.e. it
is added to the remaining time. if N (read NOT add) is present, clock
is (re)set to overtime every m3 moves and any unused time is lost. If
player does not complete game or m3 moves during overtime clock goes
into hard-timeout[2].

Increment time (inc) is the time that will be added to players clock
every m2 moves (m2 >= 1). Parameter N specifies how is increment time
added to the clock. If N is not present, increment time is additive,
i.e. it is added to the clock. If N (read NOT additive) is present,
min( spent_time, increment_time ) is added to the clock.

See formula page to see how to access clock parameters in a formula.


Footnotes:

[1] Some games, like Othello have soft-timeout, it ensures minimal
loss, but player is allowed extension time to complete the game. The
actual score is min( minimal_loss, board_score ). Other (mostly
win/draw/loss) games treat soft-timeout as hard-timeout.

[2] Hard-timeout results in maximal loss.


Here are few examples that ilustrate clock specifications:

Chess tournament clock: 2 hours for 40 minutes, if the game is not
finished, players receive additional 30 minutes to complete the game:
2:00:00,40//30:00,0

Blitz chess, Fisher clock: 2 minutes plus 12 seconds per move:
2:00,0/12/0

Blitz chess, Bronstein clock: 2 minutes, at most 12 seconds per move:
2:00,0/12,N1/0

Othello tournament clock: 30 minutes to complete the game, 2 minutes
to complete the lost game in the case of timeout: 
30:00,0//2:00,0

Go tournament clock: 30 minute to complete the game, if the game is
not finished, player receives 5 minutes overtime for 10 moves:
30:00,N0//5:00,N10

5.Oct.2000 (c) Igor Durdanovic, igord@research.nj.nec.com
