
Copyright (c) 1999, NEC Research Institute Inc.  All rights
reserved.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and
its associated documentation for non-commercial purposes is
hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice appears
in all copies, derivative works or modified versions of the
software and any portions thereof, and that both the copyright
notice and this permission notice appear in the documentation.
NEC Research Institute Inc. shall be given a copy of any such
derivative work or modified version of the software and NEC
Research Institute Inc. and its affiliated companies
(collectively referred to as NECI) shall be granted permission to
use, copy, modify and distribute the software for internal use
and research.  The name of NEC Research Institute Inc. and its
affiliated companies shall not be used in advertising or
publicity related to the distribution of the software, without
the prior written consent of NECI.  All copies, derivative works
or modified versions of the software shall be exported or
reexported in accordance with applicable laws and regulations
relating to export control.  This software is experimental.  NECI
does not make any representations regarding the suitability of
this software for any purpose and NECI will not support the
software.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED AS IS.  NECI DOES NOT MAKE
ANY WARRANTIES EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WITH REGARD TO THE
SOFTWARE.  NECI ALSO DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY THAT THE SOFTWARE IS
FREE OF INFRINGEMENT OF ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF
OTHERS.  NO OTHER LICENSE EXPRESS OR IMPLIED IS HEREBY
GRANTED. NECI SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING
GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, ARISING
OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE.

